[core] Asymmetric viewport when edge insets are specified (#14664)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-native: platform/ios/CHANGELOG.md

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone. Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

## master

### Styles and rendering

> * Implemented asymmetric center of perspective: the viewport center is in the center of the area specified by [MGLMapView contentInset](https://docs.mapbox.com/ios/api/maps/5.0.0/Classes/MGLMapView.html#/c:objc(cs)MGLMapView(py)contentInset) and vanishing point is above it. [#14664](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/14664)

Reviewer: may I suggest:
> * Fixed an issue that caused the focal point to be always based on the view's horizontal center when setting `MGLMapView.contentInset`. [#14664](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/14664)

Author: Thanks. Combined to: Implemented asymmetric center of perspective: fixed an issue that caused the focal point to be always based on the view's horizontal center when setting ...

> * Implemented asymmetric center of perspective: fixed an issue that caused the focal point to be always based on the view's horizontal center when setting [MGLMapView contentInset](https://docs.mapbox.com/ios/api/maps/5.0.0/Classes/MGLMapView.html#/c:objc(cs)MGLMapView(py)contentInset). ([#14664](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/14664))

Reviewer 2: jazzy automatically links symbol names when formatted correctly:

```suggestion
* Setting `MGLMapView.contentInset` now moves the map’s focal point to the center of the content frame after insetting. ([#14664](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/14664))
```

Reviewer 2: → #14790

Author: Thanks.
